Now.
Rely on my salary of 5,000 yuan a month in the factory
I can't afford a house for the rest of my life
But it's fine now
My down payment
Almost saved up
My biggest dream.
I have my own nest in this city
Pick up my mother from the country
Diligent poor and blind
Robbery
Things had to change.
Come on, this is my rental house
What smells so bad?
What's going on here?
In fact, you are already dead
You came to the city alone to work
Died at home and the body stinks and no one knows
Today is your first day
And that's soul day.
Those who chased you just now were not evil pith
It's a ghost job
I'm already dead.
No way. It's impossible.
Impossible to accept reality
You don't rest for years
One person works three jobs
overwork becomes disease
It's karoshi.